README.md, before:

# atlas

Container with R and necessary packages to run BEAM/Atlas vehicle simulation.

v1.0.4 container: ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:v1.0.4

testing R and libs in the base container image:
docker run -it --entrypoint=bash ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:vBase1.0.4    


Example running R script via Docker
-----------------------------------

``` bash

cd /global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim/

## R script in home dir, bind mounted to container
#XX docker run -v /global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim:/global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim -it --entrypoint=Rscript  ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  /global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim/model_application/Model_application_hima.R 
docker run -v /global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim:/mnt -it --entrypoint=Rscript  ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  /mnt/model_application/Model_application_hima.R 
docker run -v /global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim_hima_apollo:/mnt -it --entrypoint=Rscript  ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  /mnt/model_application/Model_application_hima.R 
docker run -v "$PWD":/mnt -it --entrypoint=Rscript  ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  /mnt/model_application/Model_application_hima.R

## running a bash shell, can call R from there
docker run                -it --entrypoint=bash     ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main
docker run -v /global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim_hima_apollo:/mnt -it --entrypoint=bash  ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  
    root@0b5815f5b441:/# export R_LIBS=/usr/local/lib/R/site-library/
    root@0b5815f5b441:/# Rscript /mnt/model_application/Model_application_hima.R

```

Example running R script via Singularity
----------------------------------------

```

cd /global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim/

singularity pull  docker://ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main 
singularity exec  docker://ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  Rscript ./model_application/Model_application_hima.R  

// other things to try for debug use
singularity shell docker://ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  # get bash prompt, can call R afterward
singularity run   docker://ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  # get R    prompt

```

Commit message:

update README with license and pointer to release repo

README.md, after:

Note
----

This is a development branch.
For final release of atlas code, please see
https://github.com/lbnl-science-it/atlas-release


Atlas
---------

Container with R and necessary packages to run BEAM/Atlas vehicle simulation.

v1.0.4 container: ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:v1.0.4

testing R and libs in the base container image:
docker run -it --entrypoint=bash ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:vBase1.0.4    


Example running R script via Docker
-----------------------------------

``` bash

cd /global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim/

## R script in home dir, bind mounted to container
#XX docker run -v /global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim:/global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim -it --entrypoint=Rscript  ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  /global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim/model_application/Model_application_hima.R 
docker run -v /global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim:/mnt -it --entrypoint=Rscript  ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  /mnt/model_application/Model_application_hima.R 
docker run -v /global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim_hima_apollo:/mnt -it --entrypoint=Rscript  ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  /mnt/model_application/Model_application_hima.R 
docker run -v "$PWD":/mnt -it --entrypoint=Rscript  ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  /mnt/model_application/Model_application_hima.R

## running a bash shell, can call R from there
docker run                -it --entrypoint=bash     ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main
docker run -v /global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim_hima_apollo:/mnt -it --entrypoint=bash  ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  
    root@0b5815f5b441:/# export R_LIBS=/usr/local/lib/R/site-library/
    root@0b5815f5b441:/# Rscript /mnt/model_application/Model_application_hima.R

```

Example running R script via Singularity
----------------------------------------

```

cd /global/data/transportation/ATLAS/static/urbansim/

singularity pull  docker://ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main 
singularity exec  docker://ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  Rscript ./model_application/Model_application_hima.R  

// other things to try for debug use
singularity shell docker://ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  # get bash prompt, can call R afterward
singularity run   docker://ghcr.io/lbnl-science-it/atlas:main  # get R    prompt

```





License
-------

Please see [LICENSE.txt](./LICENSE.txt) for licensing information.
